doc: Add a note about VSC migration guide in NCS docs (#7562)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_installing.rst

|vsc_extension_instructions|

.. vsc_mig_note_start

.. note::

>    If you are building the application or sample using SEGGER Embedded Studio IDE or on the command line and want to migrate to |VSC| extension IDE, follow the instructions in the `migrating from other IDEs to VS Code <Migrating IDE_>`_ documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you are building the application or sample using SEGGER Embedded Studio IDE or on the command line and want to migrate to |VSC|, follow the instructions in the `migrating from other IDEs to VS Code <Migrating IDE_>`_ documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: Or maybe:
```suggestion
   If you are building the application or sample using SEGGER Embedded Studio IDE or on the command line and want to migrate to |VSC|, follow the instructions for `migrating from other IDEs <Migrating IDE_>`_ in the extension's documentation.
```

Author: I would keep the 1st comment as we are referring to the "Migrating from other IDEs to VS Code" documentation here.
